
//Written By Andreas Scordis
//For Group Software Project ECM2434

import java.awt.Color;
import java.awt.GradientPaint;
import java.awt.Graphics;
import java.awt.Graphics2D;
import java.awt.geom.Point2D;
import java.awt.image.BufferedImage;
import java.io.IOException;
import java.util.Timer;
import java.util.TimerTask;
import java.util.logging.Level;
import java.util.logging.Logger;
import javax.imageio.ImageIO;
import javax.swing.JFrame;
import javax.swing.JPanel;
import javax.swing.SwingUtilities;


public class Play extends JPanel {
    
    private static final int SCREEN_WIDTH = 800;
    private static final int SCREEN_HEIGHT = 600;
    
    private GradientPaint gradientPaint;
    private BufferedImage iconImage;
    private BufferedImage backgroundImage;
    private double testY;
    
    public Play() {
        Point2D pa = new Point2D.Double(0, 100);
        Point2D pb = new Point2D.Double(0, 400);
        Color ca = Color.BLACK;
        Color cb = new Color(0, 0, 0, 0);
        gradientPaint = new GradientPaint(pa, ca, pb, cb);
        try {
            iconImage = ImageIO.read(getClass().getResourceAsStream("Icons.png"));
            backgroundImage = ImageIO.read(getClass().getResourceAsStream("GuitarBackground.png"));
        } catch (IOException ex) {
            Logger.getLogger(Play.class.getName()).log(Level.SEVERE, null, ex);
            System.exit(-1);
        }
    }
    
    public void start() {
        new Timer().schedule(new TimerTask() {
            @Override
            public void run() {
                update();
                repaint();
            }
        }, 100, 1000 / 60);
    }
    
    private void update() {
        testY += 1;
    }
    
    @Override
    protected void paintComponent(Graphics g) {
        super.paintComponent(g);
        g.drawImage(backgroundImage, 0, 0, null);
        Graphics2D g2d = (Graphics2D) g;
        drawNotes(g2d);
        makeDeeperIconsDarker(g2d);
    }
    
    private final double x = SCREEN_HEIGHT / Math.sqrt(2);
    private final double theta = Math.toRadians(45);
    private final double sinTheta = Math.sin(theta);
    private final double cosTheta = Math.cos(theta);
    
    private void drawNotes(Graphics2D g) {
        double horizontalNarrowing = 0;
        for (int screenY = 0; screenY < 500; screenY++) {
            double tanAlpha = (screenY * sinTheta) / (x - screenY * cosTheta);
            int textureY = (int) (tanAlpha *100 + testY);
            int dx1 = (int) (horizontalNarrowing - 100);
            int dx2 = (int) (SCREEN_WIDTH + 100 - horizontalNarrowing);
            g.drawImage(iconImage, dx1, 600 - screenY, dx2, 599 - screenY
                    , 0, textureY, iconImage.getWidth()+100, textureY + 1, this);
            horizontalNarrowing += 0.8;
            
        }
    }
    
    private void makeDeeperIconsDarker(Graphics2D g) {
        g.setPaint(gradientPaint);
        g.fillRect(0, 0, 800, 400);
        g.setPaint(Color.BLACK);
    }
    
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SwingUtilities.invokeLater(new Runnable() {
            @Override
            public void run() {
                Play view = new Play();
                JFrame frame = new JFrame();
                frame.setTitle("Guitar Zero Live Play");
                frame.setSize(SCREEN_WIDTH, SCREEN_HEIGHT);
                frame.setDefaultCloseOperation(JFrame.EXIT_ON_CLOSE);
                frame.setLocationRelativeTo(null);
                frame.getContentPane().add(view);
                frame.setVisible(true);
                view.start();
            }
        });
    }
    
}






























































































































































































































/*fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb
fewqijbefqwbi jfwebjiefwe;lfob;lqwjebg'qlwjrbvgq'wl;rjgvbqw'lerjfqbwe'lfb
wdfuivobqwlefjqbwelkfjbqwelkjfb;lajdsf;lJABDF;LJBAUSBIABSIDNALSBDLUB;obakubs
asidaksbdjabsdbibasldoounawiduhauwbd awdouabwldkbsidnbajashcoiwiefnhlasld
asopububisdblooianv bhas vduoivooauuusubahsdiiyhbafjbvsod asodunaosubd a
aiusbdiaubsdjlnyblaosucnjh sydoansibdubuoasjcn ubjs jsbyiaibibdubaosdh cjb

*/
